all right another project here in 1992
Camry and putting the starter on it
thought I'd show you what the teeth look
like on the old one we were having a
problem with that grinding against the
flywheel and not engaging properly so I
went ahead and ordered a starter off a
rock Auto $92 and this was by far the
easiest starter I've ever taken out I
mean it literally took me two minutes
ten millimeter to disconnect battery in
theory you want to disconnect the
negative but positive was what I took
off in this case so well 12 millimeter
to disconnect the positive cable going
to the starter and two 14 millimeter
bolts right there I'll hold the starter
place and it slides right out piece of
cake so over here if you take a look at
the teeth on the old starter there you
can see how they're worn and then here's
the new one you can see the difference
so let's go ahead and put this new
starter in see what happens
I think it'll take care of our problem
all right new starter is installed let's
see how the stills
you know I might help if I use the right
key I still have the keys to the 98
Camry on here
perfect
set up the radio but oh wow
starters fixed literally only took about
seven minutes that was really easy super
easy job